Assumptions:
1. There is a default Super User Account and it is used to create admin staff account and display all users only.
2. Admin staff accounts can be used to create Customer accounts, display all users, edit their own password and edit customer's account information.
3. Customers are required to have finished filling up a registration form that provides their information for the admin staffs to create a customer account.
4. Customer accounts are autogenerated with a unique user ID that is unique and in a sequence and default password follows their unique userid, this applies to admin
staff accounts as well.
5. Customer accounts can be Savings or Current account.
6. Customers and admin can login to the system using the generated user ID and their default password and they can edit their own password after they have logged in.
7. Additional information a customer has to give admin staffs to create their accounts are their name, IC number, occupation, email, phone number, what type of account
to create and initial account balance to deposit in.
8. Although Admin can edit/update customer account details, but admin cannot edit customer's user ID, name, IC number and password. 
9. Customers are able to perform deposit, withdrawal, print their own statement of account and display their own customer profile.
10. All transactions made by customers, customer details, all account authentication details and unique ID holder are all stored in seperate text files.
11. In the case of withdrawal, it is always checked whether the withdrawal of money will affect the minimum balance or not. 
If yes, the transaction will not be permitted. Minimum balance for saving account and current is RM100 and RM500 respectively.
12. Unique User Interface(UI) using menus are done for all interactions between all users and the system.
13. Customer’s Statement of Account Report may be generated by the customer and it is printed according to the input of start date and end date from the user.
A total of all deposits and withdrawals by the user are displayed for the specified duration at the end of the report.
14. Validation is done for all entries by the user, however names and emails are not locked by the system.
15. The datetime module from python is imported and used in the system.
16. Modular programming is used for the system.
17. Global variable is not used for the system.